#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
    #   pytest
aws-cdk.assets==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-acmpca==1.134.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
aws-cdk.aws-apigateway==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-batch==1.134.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-codebuild==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codecommit==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications==1.134.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecs==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-events-targets==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator==1.134.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-kinesis==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose==1.134.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-kms==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
aws-cdk.aws-lambda==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-s3==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog==1.134.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.134.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.core==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.pipelines==1.134.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.region-info==1.134.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
cattrs==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsii
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via requests
constructs==3.3.178
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
jsii==1.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
more-itertools==8.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicecatalog
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsii
requests==2.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsii
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
